gh-89419: gdb: fix printing AttributeError in py-locals when no frame is available (#100611)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2022-12-29-19-22-11.bpo-45256.a0ee_H.rst

> Fix confusing AttributeError in python-gdb.py when py-locals is used without a frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug that caused an :exc:`AttributeError` to be raised in ``python-gdb.py`` when ``py-locals`` is used without a frame.
```
